feat(chart): introduce global tolerations and nodeselectors for user deployed components (#8219)
longhorn/longhorn: chart/README.md

| global.cattle.windowsCluster.enabled | bool | `false` | Setting that allows Longhorn to run on a Rancher Windows cluster. |
| global.cattle.windowsCluster.nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | Node selector for Linux nodes that can run user-deployed Longhorn components. |
| global.cattle.windowsCluster.tolerations | list | `[{"effect":"NoSchedule","key":"cattle.io/os","operator":"Equal","value":"linux"}]` | Toleration for Linux nodes that can run user-deployed Longhorn components. |

> | global.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector for nodes that can run user-deployed Longhorn components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| global.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node selector for nodes allowed to run user-deployed components such as Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer. |
```

> | global.tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration for nodes that can run user-deployed Longhorn components (Manager, UI, Driver Deployer). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| global.tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration for nodes allowed to run user-deployed components such as Longhorn Manager, Longhorn UI, and Longhorn Driver Deployer. |
```
